Remove references to various ex MinIO Console features (#1373)
minio/docs: source/administration/minio-console.rst

Once logged in to the MinIO Console, users can perform many kinds of tasks.

> - :ref:`Manage objects <minio-console-managing-objects>` by browsing or uploading objects and managing bucket settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :ref:`Manage objects <minio-console-managing-objects>` by browsing existing object, uploading objects, or modifying bucket settings.
```

Author: oh yeah that's better ✅
